Geneva Motor Show
Parking garage 12
We steal a car!
The car of blogger Jens & Moritz
The guys from rad-ab.com and auto-blog.de
Participated in a challenge:
Experience all Opel OnStar features -
before they exist.
One feature is still missing:
Stolen Vehicle Assistance.
We park your car.
and wait.
Then they come!
"Um where did we park?"
"Was it here ?!"
"Where is our car?"
We follow them.
Prepare for the surprise ...
Jens & Moritz search and search.
"Where the hell did we park?"
They do not even notice our camera.
Now is enough -
we dissolve!
"Surprise from Opel?" "Yes, pigs ?! I knew it ..."
"What do you think you are doing here?"
"He said yesterday that it was a cool April Fool, but we have not got April!"
"That was really not bad .." "You participated in the bloggerchangallange ..!?"
"Yeaaahhh"
"Boah OnStar, what we're talking about ... connectivity!" "You've tried all the features of OnStar!"
"Ahh awesome, well then cool idea, very good idea!" "But then we have to clarify something briefly now, namely,
that we called the gendarmerie and of course reported the car as stolen properly. "
"Exactly, we've already prepared for the handcuffs ..." "That's why all the questions
When do I leave and when do you drive? "" Aso, yes, right! "" And that's why the banishment here,
that we could stay here until 8.00 pm what we actually wanted to do
and have not gotten the content because they kidnapped us here
That's why I was a little acidified.
"That had to be easy now, every OnStar feature and the last one missing?
The theft emergency service! So what if the car is gone? "
"Yes, and where is the app when you need it?" "Now of course you only have one key in your hand,
that's stupid of course ..! "" But our car is not that back there right now, is it?
"No, he is not! But of course we do not want to torture you anymore, you already have one
had a long day at work. We bring you to the car and that's enough, we have good pictures ... "
"Yes and you know what, my backpack weighs 10 kilos - the Opel now carries of course!"
"Of course, I like to wear it over there now." "But a very good idea, I really liked it!"
"You can use that!" "Closing words to the Blogger Challenge?"
"Yes, best regards to the Opel fans and you are welcome to watch our videos,
you can find them on Facebook at "rad-ab.com" or also under "automobil-blog". "
"And otherwise that was a crowning glory. Super" "Good home trip to both of you, thank you."